Update stale links (#23548)
Azure/azure-rest-api-specs: README.md

In the following folder structure sample, there is only 'resource-manager' folder. There could be a similar folder structure under 'data-plane' folder, while the sub-component/sub-service folders may not be the same.

> Ensure to consult [API Spec Review](https://teams.microsoft.com/l/channel/19%3a0351f5f9404446e4b4fd4eaf2c27448d%40thread.skype/API%2520Spec%2520Review?groupId=3e17dcb0-4257-4a30-b843-77f47f1d4121&tenantId=72f988bf-86f1-41af-91ab-2d7cd011db47) for the first time creating the folder structure or if you want to change current folder structure.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ensure to consult [API Spec Review](https://aka.ms/azsdk/support/specreview-channel) for the first time creating the folder structure or if you want to change current folder structure.
```
